hey guys welcome to yellow decom it's
mario and i'm doing a game glance on
singularity and i'm planning playing it
on the 360 so the storyline takes place
on an island in russia now back in the
day during the Cold War there was these
experiments using this a 99 and eat 99
was discovered by the Russians and they
were going to use it as a part of a
solution to the atomic bomb the
Americans they were trying the Russians
trying to become a greater power against
the Americans so you started the game
and you play as Nate who is a Black Ops
soldier and you're supposed to
investigate this supposed abandoned
island in present day in 2010 and you're
checking it out because it's giving off
some radiation and there's some
suspicions about it that kind of thing
so once you get to the island you
discover that it's most definitely not
abandoned now it's actually inhabited by
people that have been affected by this a
99 stuff and the e 99 stuff has made the
people into human eating monsters so
you've got that to deal with so as you
go through the story you learn about
this scientist called victor bar sova or
buzz ova or something and he was able to
use a 99 back during the Cold War to
make this device called the tmd which is
the time manipulation device now not to
give them too much way of the storyline
there is a guy on the island present-day
who is trying to restart up the whole a
99 project and you're out to stop it and
you'll actually end up working with
Victor which is kind of confusing
because Victor was back in the 1950s so
yes there is time travel back and forth
between present day and the 1950s
actually generally speaking the island
were naturally shift back and forth
between the 1950s and present day so
this whole setup makes for a excellent
storyline as you can imagine as for the
tmd it's going to be your main weapon
well not your main weapon but a primary
weapon that you're going to use and it's
just simply awesome it's the next best
thing
gaming since the antigravity gun in
half-life it can do various things just
name a few here it can age items that
have been subjected to the e 99 so I can
age both forwards and backwards which is
really cool it can do something called
deadlock which causes an area to be
timeless so it's like you're inducing a
singularity in a certain area so some
enemies are coming along and you can do
the deadlock on them and just take them
out because if frozen in time and you
can also do impulse which is just a
energy push to kill off or push enemies
away and there are some other cool
things that you can do but I don't want
to give it away you guys can discover it
on your own but take my word for it it
is awesome you can upgrade your weapons
and by perks and so forth by collecting
this 99 technology which you'll find
throughout the game health is found in
the whole the form of health packs and
stimpacks as for other weapons you'll
have a revolver a SMG a shotgun and then
you have this other weapons that are
affected by eid 99 and you can time
control the bullets it just it's crazy
cool after the controls they feel really
good it's a well-executed shooter you
don't have an auto a mun fortunately but
since the manual aim is so dead-on it's
actually kind of neat that you can
smoothly shoot someone without the auto
aim also there's no cover system so it's
kind of like Call of Duty just crouch
behind the boxes or maybe you could
crouch behind some shattered boxes which
you have aged backed into a new box so
yeah yeah pretty cool as for graphics
they look awesome sometimes the textures
seem kind of bland but that's on a very
rare occasion at that I'm just pretty
much nitpicking trying to find something
negative of this awesome game online
play you can play on xbox live
extermination which is you can play a
soldiers or the creatures and at
soldiers versus creatures and you're
trying to capture as many beacons as you
can and you also have teamed
deathmatch and at the end of it
whichever team has more points wins this
game is like braid meets fallout meets
half life and it seems like I didn't
know what true gaming was until I played
this game it is just simply awesome the
storyline is just like intriguing the
game is suspenseful the gameplay is
awesome just go buy it stop watching
this game glass and go buy it trust me
you'll really enjoy this game thanks for
tuning in guys that's yellow decom
bye